fix (docs): missing link to guide on how to create a provider (#792)
novuhq/novu: docs/docs/platform/integrations.md

## Missing a provider?

> Novu is an open-source platform, meaning that if you are missing a particular provider you can create the provider best on the guide specified [here](/community/create-provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Novu is an open-source platform, meaning that if you are missing a particular provider you can create the provider using the guide specified [here](/community/create-provider).
```

Reviewer: Also noticed this weird phrasing thanks to you :) 
What do you think? Does this sound better?

Author: Nice catch, I think this is better 😄
